well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so tonight we're gonna talk about white
vans stories and I guess something we
lost along the way I got a message
asking me to debunk something and after
reading it kind of like do I really want
to well it's false but it's also true so
the story is that within the United
States there's a network of people
apparently they all own white fans and
if you happen to pull up next to one of
these fans in a parking lot
maybe it's dark and stormy night or
maybe it's broad daylight but if you
park next one you get out water they're
gonna drag inside and you're gonna wake
up in a bathtub felice missing a kidney
or on the boat from taking or something
else horrible the story originated in
Baltimore it's caused such an issue
there that Baltimore PDS actually put
out a statement about it a team of
journalists has investigated it it's not
a thing it's not actually happening but
the story's going around on Facebook and
it's causing a little bit of panic so
the thing is what is that at its core
what is that story it's an urban legend
that's what it is it's it's a story
designed to to teach you something you
need to be more situationally aware
that's true everybody needs to be
situationally aware and you are
vulnerable getting in and out of car
you know if your if your mom and you're
putting your kid in a car seat in the
backseat you're very vulnerable you're
not paying attention to what's going on
around you your backs to to the parking
lot yeah you should be more
situationally aware most stories like
this have a lesson like that enema I
know a firefighter who put out a meme
which I guess today passes for an urban
legend at times he'd had a bad night and
he had dealt with something he never
wanted to deal with again so he created
a meme that said that smoke detectors
with low batteries or were likely to
cause fires got shared thousands of
times completely untrue completely
untrue but what was he trying to do now
he's trying to save people's lives
trying to get you to replace the
batteries in your smoke detector most of
these stories yeah they're not true but
the lesson is the lessons are real and
most of them are a positive benefit to
society and when it comes to the idea of
using a story to talk about something
else really can't get mad at anybody for
doing that that's kind of my whole
shtick somewhere
not just that we lose the ability to
tell fact from fiction we lost the
ability to learn from fiction and that's
sad that is sad because true stories
they give you facts fictional stories
well then give you truth if you look for
so when you see one of these stories one
of these viral stories on Facebook or
whatever don't really think about the
story I think about the last son because
most of them have one so in this case
now the story's not real but the lesson
is anyway it's just thought you know
have a good night